# ONG-NSPS-OOOOa-Technical-Reconsideration-Analysis

This project generates results associated with the national impacts presented in the Regulatory Impact Analysis (RIA) for the Proposed Reconsideration of the Oil and Natural Gas Sector Emission Standards for New, Reconstructed, and Modified Sources. This analysis accompanies the Oil and Natural Gas Sector: Emission Standards for New, Reconstructed, and Modified Sources Reconsideration (the OOOOa technical reconsideration).

The RIA and accompanying material can be found in the docket at www.regulations.gov under Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2017-0483.

The main results tables can be generated by running `scripts/2018_technical_reconsideration_analysis.R`

Please note that differences should be expected between the results generated by this code and those presented in the RIA document because some calculations were performed separately using other tools not within the scope of the code here. For example, recordkeeping and reporting costs and valuation of environmental impacts are not currently calculated using this code.

## Requirements

Running this project requires a number of add-on packages available from CRAN. To see the required packages, please see `scripts/setup.R`

Calculating projected affected facilities relies on a summary of national oil and gas drilling activity. The script `wells-base-year-2014.R` generates the base year summary from pre-processed DrillingInfo data. As this data is proprietary it is not provided as part of this repository, but is available at the EPA docket office. To run this part of the analysis, place the raw data files in the data-raw directory.

## Comments

EPA welcomes comments on this code. All comments must be submitted by the date in the Federal Register notice for the proposed rule. To submit comments, follow the instructions in the Federal Register notice of the proposed rule. 

## EPA Disclaimer

The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) GitHub project code is provided on an "as is" basis and the user assumes responsibility for its use.  EPA has relinquished control of the information and no longer has responsibility to protect the integrity , confidentiality, or availability of the information.  Any reference to specific commercial products, processes, or services by service mark, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply their endorsement, recommendation or favoring by EPA.  The EPA seal and logo shall not be used in any manner to imply endorsement of any commercial product or activity by EPA or the United States Government.
